# test
A hardware sketch created with [blokdots](https://blokdots.com) (0.5.4) · 10/23/2022, 5:37:14 PM

This generated code should run on Mac, Windows and Linux (like Raspberry Pi). Make sure that all the hardware components are connected exactly as they were in the blokdots project, then connect the Arduino to the machine before running the sketch.

## Setup

### Node.js

In order to run this code you need Node.js installed on your machine. When you open the terminal or command line and enter `node -v` you should see a number like 14.xx.x as a response. If you get an error instead, you likely have to install Node.js first. In that case you can follow https://nodejs.dev/learn/how-to-install-nodejs

### Dependencies

The code generated by blokdots has a few dependencies that need to be installed before it will work. Open the terminal and navigate to the folder that contains this README file and the package.json file, then enter and run:

```
npm install
```

## Run your sketch

Open this folder in the terminal, then enter and run:

```
npm start
```

Make sure the blokdots app is closed before you do this, or else connecting to the board may not be possible.

## Components

Here’s a list of the hardware components and the slots used in the sketch:

| Slot | Component |
| ---- | --------- |
| D2 | Button |
| D4 | LED |
| A0 | Slide Potentiometer |
| D5 | Buzzer |

Make sure the components are connected to your Arduino exactly at the slots described here.

## Something is not working?

If you experience any problems where the exported code is not working like the blokdots project, please send a mail to support@blokdots.com and describe your issue. If possible, please attach the .blokdots project file and the generated code folder. 🙏